[Music]
t
k
[Music]
Oh
[Music
] [Music]
[Music]
l
at
[Music]
Alf
ah
[Music]
e [Music] [Music] [Music
]
Oh
[Music] [Music
] [Music
]
B
[Music] [Music] [Music]
Oh [Music] [Music
]
tut
[Music]
T [Music]
ti [
Music]
[Music]
Well, let's see what's up
How's my gang doing, they want
firewood How's my gang doing, they want firewood Let's
see The Movida The Movida today is that
today is
Friday today is Friday today
I had planned a eh What's the name of the
[ __ ] that I had planned today
I had planned a weekly bombshell to
get out of trouble and to stay lying
on the couch But it's that they've happened  things
that are really worth answering let's
see what I'm going to tell you
eh what I'm going to tell you I'm going to look at
the members is that what I'm going to
tell you is that tomorrow Saturday is not worth it
Beatriz a kiss and Carlos García a
kiss well the members are fine those
who raise the bar okay let's see if we have the
balls to reach 2000 because it's
Friday because it's Friday what happened
today Javi well a lot of
things have happened a lot of things have happened Franco
is fighting with
princess Dalas with
Jim Good night Jai oliveira good
night
ard de
Troya I can't get the
point of the one from Troya I don't know if you guys know how to
explain it to me but the one from Troya I can't get
the point man I'll touch on how
are you how are you I'll touch on Good night
from now on you have to come in
saying Good night at least eight
times mandatory eight times let's see I can't get
the point of the ardet
if someone wants to clarify this for me Well of
course on Sunday I have to prepare
the
freaks and I understand that this subject will have to be
touched on no I mean I understand  that the fryers
will have to touch on the subject of this not
of juanc's distant cousin
yesterday we were commenting on how ard
de Troya was collecting cable and suddenly I did
n't want to point the finger at
Peppa but today they sent me a
series in which
suddenly he goes for
her again so I don't get the point of
yesterday why was it then alanne you who
are the professional Although you came
here because there is no one else live
if you want to tell me your opinion we
will only listen to you if not it's okay
okay better to talk to jav talk to the
trep Good night
Francisco Good night How have you been
sweetheart Good night good night Isa
Good night good night good night good
night good night Isa you have
given away five members a kiss Isa we
love you very much Thank you very much
beautiful let's see what they say here about talking
to Javi
Oliveira I left you a clip Javi defends her
today again defended her last
tag me on Twitter please to
check it because the ones he sent me
don't defend her
better to talk to Javi than to talk to the
climber do you think
Javi is I don't know what
tell you I think I think Loli remembers
this afternoon what happened with the lady
with the illness and the montage they
made I understand that Javi wants to
refloat his channels recover what he has
lost and everything he is doing
See if Javi is a good person that
set up The
fryers I want to refloat the channels
kids because we are doing terribly lately
okay I want to refloat Hey hey well let's see
or not the
truth I think we have touched this one less
eh we have touched this one less
yes we have appeared in the ranking
of Joe Hunter that has published it well
around there I
retweeted it yes we have come out third
in average viewers and third
in live shows I think the first is
Antonio David and mica or ma yt
But well we are third but in
total visits this month I don't eat eh
I can't eat like this I can't eat
like this Ugh it was going to be a
very bad joke man but of course
these clips shared by kids
with
gentlemen clicks here of the gossip of these
people here I can't make black jokes
No here I can't do  Black jokes
but well anyway I think that between the
three channels there have been 6 7 million
visits which is obviously good
I'm joking but compared to other
months we haven't touched it eh We haven't
touched it eh based tag me tag me that
now I get in there in the thread that you make
me see I put everything in the batch
come on because it must be the
Freaky tuber series it's that it's not going to end in my
life the episodes are piling up and
piling up and piling up But
well There we go filling the wallets
and the wallets not the folder the wallet of
course he's talking to me about money he's talking to me
about coming back well
I'm already thinking about grabbing money
But well that's what the series is there for,
not so that there is no end so that it
is a series that never ends, not like
Tell me what happened the king of the palace and
we are the ones you haven't done
many live shows let's say Javi this
month you have abandoned us well let's see
abandoned I have not done any
live shows Every week it happens that yes it's
true that  there are several
factors okay Barcelona factor Barcelona factor I
think this could be that it
was also at the beginning of Covid
when I got
Covid I don't know if it was Covid and then I
also had the Latin that I
was like all week out there
wandering around Seville to see the
famous people I don't know but oh well let's see it's not a
problem family I've said
many times that I'm not
competing that I'm not competing
in a race or anything because in
fact in Joee Hunter's ranking there are
many
gossip and heart youtubers missing some which there is
a channel that well I'm not going to tell you the
name but there is a channel that let's say it
pisses on all of our faces Candela a
kiss but the thing is that this is not a
competition I mean I think any
of the first 15 or 20
but there are people who
take it as a pique or something like that I mean
honestly it's like if I decide to go on vacation
every
Christmas at Christmas I
work half a month the other month
and what happens is it's going bad for me because I'm going to
have fewer
total views f or something  so but let's go
live Yes I have done eh Don't tell me I have
n't done because I have done I don't know
how many let's see if it is I think that in
Joe's ranking it says the number of
live shows in
fact I think that in Joe's ranking it
actually says the number of
live shows
nine [ __ ] nine nine nine live dude nine live nine live
dude Well yes I have
touched it a little
Eh yes yes yes she has touched it I have touched it
a little [ __ ] no but I didn't believe it
was that much
eh but I already said it eh I warned it or
rather I warned it eh It's also true that we do
n't have Marina who wants it's not
Marina apart from the fact that she gives us a lot of vibes
and there are also a lot of people who come for
there are a lot of people who come for Marina eh
Rosa a kiss eh just like when I do it
with Trium there are a lot of people who come for
Trio The same when I do it is what
collaborations have no but Marina
forced me Marina gave me stability
and Marina forced me that on such a day such a
time I was live Good night
good night
And well without Marina we lose that without
Marina we lose that  that now I'm
thinking about sections that are more or
less fixed because look now I know that
on Sunday I have meetings with Alne and with FJ
and with Elena you know what I mean But let's see,
I already warned you, I already warned you because the
months of August and September were very, very,
very strong the months of August,
August and September were very, very, very
strong
and I already said it, so I'm going to, it's not that I'm going to
rest It's not that I'm going to stop
working but I'm going to
take it a little bit more calmly, I already
said it eh It's not a surprise and
maybe if you've seen it and you've
listened to me and you pay attention when I speak,
the clicks will be there But it's okay, let's
see, we've made 6 or 7 million, I don't know
if between the three channels we've made it
too, that's true Now that I realize that I
deleted a lot of videos this month, well, I'm
deleting a lot of videos eh
And that is
also discounted in the negative, that is also discounted in the ranking
if you delete visits, they don't appear there, they
appear in the negative But oh well, whatever,
don't worry about  my for my
refrigerator that I can
still maintain myself when I see how I
will work hard
again says Pepa said that you told her
no thanks solstice Well here
Jai Oliveira mentions I don't understand much
What I think people are
asking him like to come chat
with me to see
eh I don't know what would come out of a chat
with Art de Troya about the subject because
man of course there would be many things
here now because he is fighting with
Peppa I am not like these people I am not
saying it for him but for others who join
him and many people around him
no and a lot of philosophy of people that we see
no that no my enemies the enemies of
my enemies Now they are my friends like
you now you mess with Peppa for Now
you are my friend man does not forgive the one from
Troy But you have said very strong things about
people that I have apr
and And although I had no price to those
people that you have said things about are
things that seem repulsive to me about
Smurf's blood he insulted INE he
made a collection of insults
and let's see an interview I yes  could it
be about that topic or in general a little no
but but to my aist buddy no Let's see
no they don't go hand in hand content content
but well content content but
well
you have
things I would have to pass the filter of
alanne who is the boss of
course I always have a B in the
chamber of you see here This is what
they sent me that apparently she
is warning again that she is going to tell it I
mean that in the end yesterday it seems that she
backed out but once again she comes
forward that she is going to tell it quasar Thank you very much
for the gift sweetheart Hey let's see
if today we have the guts to reach
2000 members no that there are
50 150 missing to reach 2000 it does not pass it does not
pass it says that it does not pass it I
am
nobody there I am not going to tell you if more record
less
record but always the chamber that is why I
told her that she had met with a bad
enemy and she looked for it All by herself She
said the peringa this I will eat it with
potatoes she CA her mouth catches her ear and
closes the channel and  you go and you are wrong
with me You were wrong, you, your son and your whole
gang, and from the start, as soon as you
argued with him, he already gave him the thing with
the association, which has been
very, very
serious, I mean, whoever continues to subscribe to
Peppa's Channel after what has
happened, or supporting her, or giving her a like, or
entering whatever and entering her
game, he no longer has any scruples, I mean,
what has happened, this, what has come out
now that has happened is very
strong,
very strong, very strong, now you complain that it turns out that it turns
out that if you
forgot it's my fault, the live was the one who
ended up with the guy, it was me and well, on
Sunday in frig we'll see that from
[Music] we
forgot what the live is, she didn't
forget, I have a lot of clips where
she mentions during these months not
because I did this charity live
because I did this because I did that
other so maybe what she has
forgotten is not the live, it is to donate, donate
the live and the one who told you later the most
beautiful thing about it, well, donate  give the
pacha that people had donated because
she doesn't donate it and what she
tells me is that everything is a lie Everything she is
saying that they are [ __ ] excuses because she would
forget she will know is that I found
her the one who
has made a reaction with what he
says to the one who only puts my parts alne and I
understand it perfectly
okay If I had 3 hours to watch a
video I would only put
your parts that I told him that it was very tacky to
make a video and show a receipt clar
because we are talking about the average
grandmother because I have not always not
always looked for clarity Clarity and
transparency in all these
matters instead of Clarity and
transparency Clarity and I save them has
not done has made there a hybrid not
of words that is why and I receive the money
I told Loli LoL ingres my account
money that I already do it to the association
jav handsome Good
night good night good night I left
you in your last clip but I uploaded
several okay Ah I am going to see this and now
I see yours Pau has given away 50
members but that Pau has given away  50
member Pau Thank you very much beautiful, a round of
applause the whole chat right now to Pau, I
mean, I mean, Pau, I ask the
people that there are almost 1 people here,
okay, and we've just started and I ask
the people to reach 2000 to
3000 that we can reach, not that I
went to G that each one puts c members
and Pao arrives and releases 50 members But
this this what is this what is what
by the way, greetings
today What was the name of the store?
Well today the follower found me, I
bought some bracelets that I liked
at a kiosk in Córdoba in the center of
Córdoba where there are some kiosks, not because of
Christmas and all that, I ate some
churritos there skipping, I promise that tomorrow
I'm going to run for an hour on the treadmill. Okay, and she
was a follower, she was the follower who
sold me the
bracelets to remove. Look, this is a
black stone called I don't know, I don't
remember what the stone is called, but
this is to remove the evil eye, which I'm
sure I have. 45  at least and this is
to keep away envy I think he
told me to keep away envy I don't know There he
put some bracelets on me that are a
little tight Eh it's going to cut me Look look look it's
going to cut off my circulation I hope that by
saying around Cordoba he's been around around
Cordoba
David
Serrano was there this afternoon but Cordoba is not for me eh
every time I
go today for example I went and it
started to rain I
went another day I had stayed for the
weekend One day he told me he said let's
stay for a weekend to sleep for a
day and at least we'll be here during the
day let's see let's look at the issue of Cordoba and
so on you do
n't need more bracelets of it let's see I
need the
address I need the stone
directly No gentlemen contact the
association they provide you with the website
or search for it the website they provide you with
a phone number to make a
donation account number whatever you
need can be obtained in my case I already
had the donation that he knew what money I
told him that I would make a donation
the audio was made for me Thanking and
explaining how the donation works and it is
promoted and  gives publicity to the
association in
question Of
course, of course, Antonio,
but for that, but for
that, he had to have had the intention
from the first moment that as
the live ends, he gives the money,
then he would have done it like that, it doesn't
go through her hands,
money doesn't have to go through her, there she is, crushing herself, looking to
do something scared, help the green bracelet
so that Pixi doesn't enter the
chat, a date doesn't help, be it June or
whatever, from the day before, it doesn't
help, nothing that she has done to
date helps, then I didn't
point the finger at myself or blame me,
I'm not the one who received the money, I'm not the one who
took charge of that money, I wasn't the one
who set up that live stream and I didn't
point the finger at myself anymore, up to my nose, up to my
nose, all
this, where do I think this is going to explode,
Olivea, this issue annoys you and what
surprises me the most, what I am accused of and
pointed at me is that there are people who, if that
is true, yes, that If that is true, I am a
follower of this lady, I turn my
back on her, the evil eye  what you're
saying because this is strong eh here you
are absolutely right, I
mean if that is true what has happened
That at the moment is the information that we are
receiving from the association
okay How is it that there are people
defending How is it that people are
defending this
situation there are
people defending it
Eh there are people defending it come on, she hasn't
lost followers or anything
eh She hasn't lost followers or anything
Why Well because the people who follow this
channel the people who follow that channel are the
same as those who follow the channel come on,
that's what a youtuber in any
decent world does what he has done and it remains
at
zero Good night good night it
remains at zero what happens of course Who do
you think is out there watching
these
live shows face for Shameless If that
were true then there are no people who
are willing to forgive her, shake their
hand and nothing has happened here Peppa You stay
calm The warrior We support you But
what kind of people do you know the
seriousness of all
this yes yes let's go in fact
tesa published a tweet from a
lady who says that the ones who are
putting the association in question
are us that the bad ones Are
us and  that the prosecutor's office can act
ex officio because of
us well And this lady was
saying that I have kept money of I do
n't know what, I don't know how much, or rather on
Sunday in friky we will review it okay But come on
but come on come on
another one,
even with what has happened the bad guy is
Jai
Oliveira the bad guy is Esi Oliveira whether it is one
euro or 1000 euros it doesn't matter you know the
seriousness of it is money that goes a thing
that should not be done because the lady
wants to keep it if that were the case I mean
there are people who are willing to do that Y there are
people
defending her today there were people making
a space
pretending that they were with someone from the
association to defend her
to the
bottom to the bottom hug is that Peppa
in that case put her foot in it to the
bottom to the
bottom to the bottom it happens that there is no
one to cover it up Well
but he has so many balls to
dismantle so many balls stop to me and
where was he when your mother
really needed you working the line
or under the bed is
with you tremendous let's see I'm going to see what it is that you
are
sending me in your  last t told me
vasado Ah but you only sent me a
click of the photos they took in the
quality but they were the photos they
took in Javi Olivea's live show
But what photos we took how annoying
they are with these photos that
she has these photos on her profile I
've gone crazy searching from
abroad where I had to buy the
memberships smiling face with
heart eyes smiling face with heart eyes smiling face with heart
eyes smiling face with heart
eyes smiling face
with
heart eyes buy the memberships in
Argentine pesos please Good night you do
n't put the old thing anymore Sabroso tells you
the gossip is still going on the anime that
you opened with the friky tubers what a
fantasy the intergenerational gossip your honor
kids younger than three younger
than TR Alejandro these people put the
title they want Francisco
Javier Olivera my four legs don't give me enough
for so many series racel I'm
looking forward to seeing that premiere I just
saw the trailer okay By the way speaking
of trailers the 5th GTA 6 trailer eh
man how annoying they are  with with to
try to grab on So I don't give
a [ __ ] about the picture I put on the
screen I don't give a [ __ ] about the picture
I put on the screen I'm taking my
shirt off right now because because because I'm really getting
out of my
skin lately eh yesterday I ran 20 minutes on the
treadmill without stopping at
full speed I'm getting more and
less depth on the bench less depth
things are as they are a troll just said it
but I don't care about the picture I
put on the screen what the [ __ ] do I
care about the picture she put on the
screen if it's a picture of her that they
have her profile It's not that you
laughed when she put the picture on the
screen Of course not cry of course what the
[ __ ] do you want me to do but it's not a
humorous picture it's a picture that already raises the
mood no or what's
going on No, I'm really I
mean I'm just figuring out her
physique forgive me but as far as I know the one who
said that I need
surgery and that she's sending me to get hair done and to have
surgery and fix my face
was her to me  eh I mean I still don't
have a comment where I make fun
of her
physique In fact she's fine for being 70
years old what gives me the creeps is that she puts
on her nightgown every afternoon talking about
Javi Oliveira for 2s hours without
Javi Oliveira knowing where she is and
who she is and when she talks and all that okay or so it's
a little weird but I didn't get
involved there's not a comment of mine
messing with her physique now of her
messing with mine if there is what the [ __ ] are you
bringing up here that I have
put a photo on the screen yes there is a
photo of
her that I have put a photo but oh
well What's up a photo of her
with her jokes and with her grace and with
her moves doesn't she also have a photo on
Facebook Like with her legs open and she says
how is what she says
Oh how is what the photo said so I did
n't post it because I say Not that
YouTube will get you know but I don't understand
what the [ __ ] I did with the photo
or at what moment I'm messing
with her for the photo I mean I also
have photos like that  I have a picture where I
am In Carson I upload the caronas up to
here do you not remember it is by Ah
by Twitter no no but it's that I
am messing with her physique Sorry let's
see pme the click where I get into her
physique and of this picture they were
laughing the most in fact You're going to
see it now before we leave with Andrés who is already
starting to take off that
envy you the
truth Look two women laughing at
another woman who is already of a certain age that let's
see how they will be when they reach
that
age but it is funny but if it is
she who has started to mess with
them I mean this eh if I'm not mistaken it
was messing with because they had
messed with alne I mean the double standard
is mind-blowing
eh the photos are not the best in the
world nor the most appropriate In that I
agree with these four people
ard of Troy you have laughed your ass off
when we put this photo on the screen
because you know that we are having fun V
I am going to come here now from the Virgin of
Calcutta no so  the best quality nor the
best pose nor the most appropriate from my
criteria things that I think they already
share but from there to laughter come
on
man in public in public you have to
control your emotions in public you have to
control your emotions well, what a
fake well, what a fake then no, I mean
in public I pretend that I'm not
laughing come on you said that he forgot
and that he should pay now yes I have put here I have
put here the photos of me with my head
swollen when I had gotten hair I'm going
to Anne if he forgot to pay that he
had charged he just charged the month damn we
charge on the 23rd we charge the month of
YouTube
I'm advancing the Hot content I'm
advancing the
content go on queando Go on when we
finish putting the Hot content
because the Hot content is this the marinera
or in other words you're going to
laugh
that is warned a little humor damn
joke but if he is laughing
yes he is laughing his ass off he is
laughing his
ass off I would all be listening to my
winging and with good looks I look at the
screen no  noos have laughed laugh
putting the chili on the sofa And
now I'm putting a picture and you're going to get
crazy
damn I hadn't seen these pictures What's
going on here a
is for the Hot content is for the
Hot content Hot content Look how
funny she gets good fluff for me to
find it is in the process
of creation FJ is in the process
of maturing what alne plays the diva when she
is simply a well-educated woman and
with knowing how to be and criticize your
operations when they are fair and
adequate to make you look great Little ones
Silly reproaches no no but by the way
FJ's smile is the fruit plus a kiss
Alejandro but it's that no no but it's that
this comes from the fact that she was messing
with me having an operation have an operation have an
operation damn it's not like I had
a new face let's say what I've
done is remove a little bit of the
fat from my eyelids and What was
the other thing my nose because it was on my
way to because having a tabi that
crooked and my hair trust what I've
done
I didn't make fun of it before, eh,
about the fact that we've had some surgery,
because she would be offended by comments on photos
That she herself, we're playing, we're
playing What's up, nothing was not to
answer Good night, good night,
gas, yesterday she yelled at me for not
saying good
[Laughs]
Francisco, come on, tell me, good night, I
remem- I remem- my
mother, she reminds me of my mother when she gets
angry and says her full name, you know,
come on, good night, Francisco
Javier, do you find out?
Alom? Why do you always talk? What's
wrong with you, man, the tone of voice of people,
my goodness, it's
worth two quick things, one, I'm fed up
with so much good-naturedness,
but fed up with my ovaries, I
mean. We laughed first because I had
never seen those photos, I mean, at the
time I followed her on Instagram, but
I hadn't thought about looking at
her profile photos, I mean, I hadn't
seen those
photos and much less did I expect that you would
post them right at the moment when
I had just given my speech, do
n't
fool me, I had just given my speech all
serious
[Laughs]
Answering you, I'm not going to justify myself
that those photos make me laugh when
this lady has been laughing at
your physique, messing with your physique With mine
and and and and with other people's for a long
time man I mean I'm fed up with all
this do-gooding what
nonsense this is but apart from that it's that let's
go that I'm not I'm not listening to
any lack of respect or any
offense or any nickname like
they call us or rather Precisely there's
a lawsuit filed because they've called you a
cat in heat that's been brushing against you there I don't
know I mean no you I'm not going to remind you of
the whole list of insults but come on there are
insults for your physique among others and
now come on because we thought it was funny to
suddenly put the screen there to Mery
strip in the middle of doing it what I tell you
Yeah I mean these are photos that she has
published where's the problem
that they make me laugh of
course it's that no I don't understand where
respect yes yes they are the
first ones to attack for the
physique apart from the fact that
Prim is
holding back you're going to come give me
lessons what the [ __ ] but Troy
holding back his laughter while he saw
the
clim  of course and I say that the other day watching
Freaky Tues live at home he
was laughing his ass off and so much so
this Sunday he's also going to
laugh that's it but the thing is that in the end I mean it's that I
'm already fed up with the good guys and
that and that they turn it around to
attack with things that they've been
doing for months but why are you going to
come give me moral lessons you guys
no but it is what it is the only thing So it has been
possible to like grab a
little bit it's not to find fault with
anything but let's go I didn't care that we are
going to laugh again that the thing is that we still have
n't put the Hot content section we haven't
put it that
little photo snuck in there but the Hot section is
not there yet it's not done no but it's that but it's that I feel like
laughing at that photo What's going on of course it's that
I don't understand it's that I mean I'm not going to justify it or rather
I was not going to justify it or rather the other day I
laughed because it caught me off guard that I
put the photo totally because I was
with something else But what if
that photo makes me laugh what if you  you've
been laughing at everyone's physique for
months you laugh at everyone's physique
in every [ __ ] live stream what are you
going to tell me but let's see
anyway the photo is not
appropriate to me no it doesn't seem like an
appropriate photo she can do whatever the hell she wants to
me the cl can do
whatever the hell you want I mean I can
do a live stream without a shirt right now
but everything has its
time it seems to me it doesn't seem
appropriate but well as I start from the
basis that everyone can do with their
body whatever they want and
publish on their networks whatever they want
now now I start from the basis that
everyone can do with their body whatever they want
and upload on their networks whatever they want
but if you're
doing it but There are moments in life when you
do things and there are other
moments when you're not a kid
anymore but but I'm not going to do that Javier
can do whatever he wants but of course
if you post those photos in public
you have to then people can have our
opinions I can also get off  go
down the slide at 5 in the
afternoon and set up the amusement park but the
same It's a bit unnecessary and
my time for that is over So there are things
that at the moment in the moment in which
you put those photos in public you
can, I mean we can have the same opinion as
me every time I upload a photo to
Instagram or Twitter I can have
positive comments and
negative comments or whatever happens what there is That's it,
no Well, it's that or how
things are right now with the
seriousness of the thing on the table and the
huge scare that it has caused us
to grab onto the fact that we laughed there for 5
seconds at a photo that is funny,
well I don't I don't understand Well yes yes he has
to talk about other things he
has to talk about other things because
because well they have pulled the leash
what can I
tell you but in the end
today I mean he defended her on this but
but then he threw it away again and he has let it fall again
that he is going to drop the
bomb I don't understand it's that today I haven't
seen it Ah well but the clicks that
we put now
no yes it's that  it's there in a
continuous tug of war it's there as if it wants to
give it but it doesn't want to finish giving it And
why do you think that yesterday he picked up the cable
and now today again no, well it's that
I don't get it It's that yesterday I didn't I mean I do
n't think it was a I mean I explained it to you yesterday yesterday I don't think it was a
cable pickup as such let's see that I think that
in some way they gave him a touch yes I
think they gave him a touch no I don't know
why I mean I don't know if it's from a
or from b I don't know but I do think
that they gave him a I was saying today in
his live because they sent me the
clicks while I was in Córdoba and they
sent me a cli from a I don't know if it's a or
b okay But there is one of the parts
that could be the one that pulled his
ear that was saying that well what
pppa has done well it's not that
bad because it was only 240 bucks
that he forgot and that's it and he
gave it late and he forgot and he
gave it late and And even if he hadn't given it
What's up? It's 240 bucks, sun. No. Of course,
we're not talking like that. It's terrible. It's
terrible that we're laughing at that photo. But it
's all very well
telling someone to use a
dildo to get rid of their
depression. It's all very well. Nothing
else new. Okay, well, if you don't stop,
but well, what I'm saying is that I don't know. I
mean, I don't know if the
cable collection was for A or B, but I got the
feeling that what he didn't want was to
agree with the flight people because
the flight. They also tipped him off and that's it. Hey, wouldn't you
interview him? Wouldn't you
bring him to interview Freaky tuers? Not
there, to the save me from Lux, no, no,
because that's what he wants, I mean, no matter how much he says no. No matter how
much he says no, let's
see how I tell you, he hides it very badly. You
think that's what he would want. No, no, no, no, it's going to happen,
but of course, let's see if he comes, he comes, quear, he
has to tell it if he wants to come,
he'll come at his time, he'll come at his time. Now, now he's had
an attack of dignity, he'll come at
his time.  yes he would have loved to
meet us and everything now no longer now no longer
because he is very disappointed with
us we have
disappointed he is
or rather well the truth is that I am
upset uh I am upset
because I am upset because well he is
a person who used to hold me in high
regard and now no longer so I am I
am upset I am taking it I am taking it
badly I sleep ok at night that's why my goodness my goodness
Well then nothing let's
see from here on Sunday what happens If they
give us a little bit of a break
tomorrow tomorrow maybe I can't be around
here eh I don't
know I don't know why how do we get back to we get
back to the topic of conversation
again no go well well a kiss
sweetheart a kiss Good night don't
manipulate me Good night
come on I'm going to go around hour 42 And you're
lying stop lying now please
Let's go over hour 42 come on
Thank you bye
sweetheart Let's see Let's go over hour 42 The thing is I do
n't know
exactly I don't know exactly if I should put
Salomé's thread first is that what
happened today is already incredible or  whatever you're
going to see now is
literally what my mind imagines
When someone tells me that there are people who
bite water okay or so what you're
going to see next is
literally what goes through my
mind action what what
visualizes when people tell me that
there are people who bite water
okay it turns out that a Well she's a bit of a
girl How to describe her let's see she'll have
her Sunday on friky tuber she's not a
moderator of Antonia vi it's that I
can't even call her a moderator of
Antonia vi because Antonia vi kicked her out
okay she started defending
Miare's mother eh I mean she's a girl who
went up to a debate and what happened is what almost
always happens when someone goes up to a
debate with me or has the slightest rif and
raffe obsession for life and has
started getting along with anyone who doesn't
get along with me with anyone who
has something against me or whatever
Okay well she started defending
Miare's mother of course what's going on well
the story is not
known the context is not known What happened
What  I was answering him Well
but the thing is that I was celebrating even
when they annulled the sentence in the
Argo case literally literally I have it saved
for when his Sunday comes I was
celebrating when the sentence
in the Argo case was annulled okay of course let's see if you
start defending two ladies who have
started saying that Antonio David is
an abuser an abuser a bad
father I don't know I don't know how much well
Antonio David grabs you and takes you away and
takes you away Well but he hangs out with a lot of
people who have messed with Antonio David
eh But anyway the thing with my
mre's mother was like the icing on the cake no but
now he's started defending Win
michu by the face okay Yes it's true
that michu hasn't said anything here okay
but they put it in a thread and he
started defending him
saying that what I have done is much
worse than insulting it is much worse insulting
someone back is much worse than hitting someone with a
bottle okay I mean I'm going to take a
look at the thread first okay because
Salomé leaves her trembling in that thread I
mean simply  what I did was
accept a debate and he came and ended up as
what he is let's see what I tell you, I can
do, I mean, I don't do magic you come here
and you end up as what you are, that is, without further ado, what
you know how to do, what you know how to
defend yourself, well However You Can, that's how it ends up
okay, look at you if the thread is a
mess that has been untagged okay he
says let's see Tania yesterday I heard your
live stream you talked about humiliation for
doing a live stream every Sunday talking
about certain YouTube characters
called geeks the word geek in her
third session of the ra indicates a
person who practices a hobby excessively and
obsessively it is
clear that you respond
perfectly to this definition since
your hobby is talking about Javi Oliveira you
have done live streams and live streams talking
about him many exclusively literally or in other words,
anyone who comes through here on
Sundays falls under the definition of geek okay So she starts
throwing things in his face and so on no and it turns
out that this girl Well, she
has dedicated herself to doing a lot of
live streams about me  okay even Well I
personally think that
she didn't even plan some of the live shows and they even told her the
title that she had to put okay But
come on, do a live show to announce
that I had a trial with Miar and her
mother man we're almost entering
2024 I think that's been known since
2019 because Miar and her
mother took it upon themselves to go through the entire press to
tell about it as if it were already a trial that
I had lost okay well by the
way I'll tell you about the trial okay
by the way Miare testifying said that
she hadn't gone to the press to talk
about me that I probably made those headlines
as is I mean I'll tell you the
whole thing okay But anyway the thing is that
this lady of anyone or
anyone who comes and is against
Javil Veira she takes his side she takes her side
no And then she took
the summary of the thread that they told her
because Tania said Well if you do
Freaky tuber I'm going to take it and I'm going to
do a section of
condemned YouTube and she takes it and says
Salomé I'm going to suggest two the first one he
kept money from all the
Spaniards condemning convicted of
embezzlement of public funds something
much more serious than a violation of the
right to honor and look what a coincidence
by the provincial court of Barcelona
there is a topic okay he is referring to
those of Antonio David and the fine and this
that happened ve and a few years ago that is not
for attacking Antonio David What happens is that we
give importance to one
thing and as if some things were
very serious and the ones that interest us are not
Pablo a kiss welcome friend the
second would be wismichu come on What a
coincidence the boyfriend of the person you
brought to your live to talk about
certain legal actions against Javir
Oliveira well this youtuber was
sentenced by the criminal court
number two of La Coruña to 6 months in
prison for a crime of injuries I am
sure that you are going to talk about these issues
that are much more serious than a
violation of the right to honor And it
would also show that you talked about
Javi Oliveira's sentence Not out of resentment
hatred malice towards his person but
because it's the content of your channel
then what happened because
openly that everyone when they saw
this thread said come on are you going to talk about
all the sentences but you know that's the
worst the worst It's not that because I don't
get involved because I don't care or rather about me that they talk
all they have to talk no
but this click when they sent it to me
this afternoon it really has me jumping okay
because it's been very funny
eh the thing there are many lawsuits on the
way and not just mine eh yes it's
true that I filed two lawsuits
last month they are known okay But there
are several there are several
judicial proceedings that I have nothing to do with
that are not mine but from youtubers what
happens is that I find out I'm doing well some I
have confirmed others not so many
no but I'm completely sure that
at atania is not going to feel
like reading all the sentences on her channel
that she likes to read
the sentences a lot and they seem
very serious Well there is a lot let's see if let's
see if Read all the trials see if
Read all the sentences of all the
trials  of all the youtubers and they all
seem equally serious and so on or there are
others that more or less are passing we'll
see no but of course The Movida is
that it has burned him I mean he's going to become
obsessed with
Salomé he became obsessed with me Because he made a
fool of himself in a
debate imagine for a Twitter thread
that has already I don't know how many thousands of views
okay look at the answer look at
the answer and this is already the
demonstration when I give you as an
example saving the distances not that they
would defend anything against me I
mean if now I mess with Peluchín
these people would defend Peluchín or
whatever they would defend whatever it is
against me if now I
suddenly decided to criticize Auron Play they would
take Auron's side Play okay I mean that's
where I am well their
job is to look to see how they do it
so that Lescuadre would defend the
opposite literally okay but this has
been a joke okay This has been a
joke about the part about Wismichu and the
bottle
eh
wismichu acknowledged in a video
eh eh those facts okay okay he acknowledged it
and an agreement was reached with the
sentence And what And what was a sentence
of agreement
Salomé of course and if he hadn't made a
sentence of agreement Maybe
the environment would be more serious
no I mean he tells you like thrown in your face
Salomé was a sentence of agreement
Ah okay Then It was then it was a piece
of cake then childishness at
school okay Okay so it
was these 6 months of prison
okay go
and I tell you the same it is a less
serious sentence This was in 2017 when the news came out
there in 2021 he has no
criminal record okay they are canceled after
two years So girl girl girl
girl what am I going to tell you okay it is more
serious everything you do aiol and beira
insulting back because they
insult you totally much more serious
man Eh and also bring up a youtuber
who has other projects that are no longer I
think are not even on the platform because the
last video I saw is from a
year ago okay Ah okay okay And I find
your thread pitiful pitiful the truth is pitiful but
above all he acknowledged the facts
acknowledged uploaded a video to YouTube
acknowledged it Ah okay okay Salomé okay
Salomé who acknowledged it what are you
criticizing if he
recognized it By the
way, this thing about wismichu is no longer
existent Ah it doesn't exist
okay It doesn't exist anymore Ah okay it doesn't have antec it doesn't exist it doesn't
exist like Argos it
's a less serious sentence it doesn't exist but
since we're at it it's like the Three Wise
Men This is okay this This doesn't
exist this has been a product of your
imagination you could also have said
that wismichu won the lawsuit against natur
Play a
Play pay him 100 for
offensive and outrageous expressions against him or you
could also have said that the judge
eh Salomé Why haven't you told him that there
was a guy who insulted him eh why do
n't you say it Salomé acquitted Wi
michu for his fight with you Yes I'll play
this is the one that sudaka told you
Dallas review okay I mean
you take the measuring stick eh take
eh what it is to give importance whatever
you want and say Why haven't you said
that Win michu won a lawsuit against a
youtuber natur  play eh And they
acquitted him with with the complaint that
Dallas filed against him Look, see how things are
eh in the natur issue Play in the natur issue
Play eh what Win michu sued that I already
explained many times I'm not going to
explain because the intention with the
lawsuit was to get another headline but the
conviction was for saying "
subnormal [ __ ]" I think I don't remember
by heart or "monger" or something like that okay or in other words
little words of a school kid and
yet in the one of in the one of wismichu and
Dallas that eh
Dallas filed it because Win michu
told Dallas "
animal abuser" eh that he was fleeing the
country psychopath a lot of things okay
[ __ ] too I think I was telling him what
happens is that of course the issue there was
that dala filed it for the criminal and for the
criminal she had no way forward among other
things we will see in the civil trial that
the civil trial is pending but with
nauter what happened was that it was for the civil
that civil what she does is claim money
and she thinks it is better she thinks it
seems  better what happened in the criminal, I
mean he's justifying that they
resolved it in the Dallas
animal abuser psychopath
bastard I don't remember How many insults
but eh watch out he won against natur Play a
certain natur Play and This was the
news it came out in 2021 this Salomé would
also have said a lot about you that you
would have put it for what it's worth For
what but
well he says I'm sure you're going to talk
about these issues that are much more serious
than a violation of the right to honor
Well for me that they violate my honor the
truth is it doesn't make me funny man
where it goes much worse than a bottle
But well man Man come on and if
now and if now I go and eat your
grandmother much worse what you do Yeah I mean
but come on literally she told you like this eh
in your face eh in your face look
in your face or you could also have
said that judge ABS came out in the
okay but
well she says I'm sure you're going to talk
about these issues that are much more serious
than a violation of rights  to honor
Well for me that they violate my honor
the truth is I don't find it funny at all But
well and more with insults and more with
insults man tremendous eh tremendous I
mean but what have I done to
this girl Sony Thank you very much
welcome H I prefer a bottle
where it goes to
stop or rather you freak out eh or rather you freak out but you freak out
completely eh I mean whatever can happen eh I mean you
can put it on her you
can put whatever but always always always it's
going to be worse whatever
Javi did that's what that's what's
going to be worse okay And now what
's convenient okay But this is what
the lack of
visualization does I hope you have
realized I have answered everything what the
[ __ ] was the one I wanted to
put It's that I'm going to remove it I know already or rather
this video of the prik tubers there's little
more to say well I don't remember I was
going to put a clip here that was
funny But like what have I done to this
girl to have that you are a mine
of memes No but  look, of course I'm
not paying attention to the girl
or answering anything And that she
has 8000 live videos dedicated I haven't
seen them obviously impossible it would be okay
but of course when they sent me This
clip I say this has me voting This has me
this has me giving a
pirouette whatever It's that this has me giving a
pirouette when I have seen the clip and she
tells you so calmly that a fight between two
youtubers who have said whatever
but what Javi does is much
worse than a bottle to
another it's like let
's go I get off life I get off this
world I get off this world
eh mother of
beautiful love mother of
beautiful love then she will also talk about the
sentence that you won to y
juuan's friend for threats No not that one,
hate can no no but it's
what I have told you many times, I mean they
will defend this type of people whatever is
against me between them they unite and they
start looking for each other
Although at another time in life they would have
met and would not have
spoken not even a joke in fact they would have
criticized each other hate Javi
oliveira unites them and they become friends
Well I'll tell you I'll
tell you about the Dallas video Javi I'm
not going to watch the Dallas video Because he
just uploaded it right now dude I don't know
if we'll see any part now or
whatever but we're missing
Let's see what Fran's thing And it's that
Fran has exploded today here if the video
this
compilation starts here well the
truth is that a
part is missing yes no no no this is the first part okay let's
see it all started
with a boy apparently a friend of
princess who started saying with
a photo Hey, can someone confirm for me if
Cristina seguí and Fran de la jungla are
together because it would be the pair Let it disgust
me more in the story, no
jokes, is it true about the burofax, it's true
Well anyway, we're already with, we're already
with another topic okay
e Hey, can someone confirm for me if
Cristina seguí and Frank de la jungla
are together because it would be the couple that disgusts
me the most in all of history, no
joke for free  okay free And
then the guy takes it and he's
proud of what he's posted he quotes it
and says first he married a
drug trafficker and now he's with a woman
who coerced abused women and
posted photos of the faces of
raped minors on Twitter his next
wife is going to be Hitler Well very
funny very funny kid and
princess well he's gotten in the way
from what I understand yes they are
together no and now Fran has
completely lost it not answering him
Ivan well I can imagine where
this hoax and these things come from not what they
accuse Cristina of eh why
they are against Francua I think it's
very clear no lately not because of
the positions the people she
hangs out with not between them
first she married a drug trafficker
don't get involved in my life and I wouldn't
have gotten involved
with you because I'm going to have a super funa
because of the criminal's friends and the
facos and all these things for sure we'll
eh the thing about Cristina continue comes
from the faaca it's because of issues  ideological
and political Yes to the ass but there is also a
certain group that already has Fran
between seja and seja because he is a friend of
mine because he has made peace with dala
because that [ __ ] that [ __ ]
[Music]
eh It's not a joke Today I saw people saying
that Frank deserves That for taking
Dallas to the sanctuary no no literally
literally he is already part of the
people that must be
eliminated for sure but the thing is that we no longer keep quiet we
no longer keep quiet I have never kept
quiet but people are already keeping quiet
because people are fed up with
this W fashion in which an
ugly fat [ __ ] with 3 kilos of
makeup comes to meddle in my
private life Let's see, I would tell you that it
goes too far because obviously this is
worth it but the thing is that what they have said
to him is strong is that what they have
said to him is strong and then say Oh, I
am 20 years old and you are 50,
mature, I don't give a [ __ ] what
you think, that I am mature or not mature
and those who come Oh, it could be your
daughter or I mean, it's that  They're saying that she
married a drug dealer and then what they're
saying about
Cristina if you don't want to get caught the ideal thing
is that you don't get involved in the conversation
with your friend throwing more fuel on the
fire no or or
correct him or correct him or I mean because FR
and and they had a
terrible time they had a terrible time they put her
in prison unjustly and Well then
she was acquitted because it had been a
mistake after 6 years eating jail
in
Thailand because Fran moved heaven and
earth you and now that a guy like that
with the little red triangle comes to tell you that she
was a
drug dealer Well it's a bit of slander no it ca
n't be my daughter because my daughter would
n't be on social media
getting into other people's personal lives
first kiss
Nauel do you understand second she wouldn't wear 3 kg
of makeup third eh she would dress
differently surely with the
right sizes and fourth she does a lot of
sports and fifth She's not as scary as
this girl no no it's that behind
Fran's story there's a lot of background a
lot of background here comes a
girl who's there following
Twitter trends and giving her opinion  what do your
people think what you see what your people think
Okay and he gets into whether Fran is with
Cristina to continue that if you count on
who you are with little princess you don't
count on who you are with Because
maybe if you do count on it well Maybe mm it does
n't sell the same as being
single I don't know if she is with someone little
princess or not but they have told me
that yes they are boyfriend and girlfriend with a
person who has a boyfriend they have
told me What happens is that well since I don't
have proof or anything I'm not going to say it
but anyway a lot of people said it after
the
evening but nobody has butted in to tell her
are you with this one or are you with that one
surely if someone butt in then they
will protest and
insult So if you're going to come at me
misogynist that no no no because I
like women what I don't like
are [ __ ] women and I repeat a
[ __ ] one is one who acts smart and is
dumber than [ __ ] on her
back like the example
Oh From what I understand Yes they are
together well from what I understand
the jackets for 5 euros it's the same  I didn't
mean any harm Me too,
me too, it was just a joke, you don't
like jokes Oh, I'm getting into your
personal life, I called you a
cheap [ __ ], raise the price, yo What do you want
me to
say, you've gotten into my personal life, personal?
Don't get into my personal life,
I don't have a [ __ ] clue who you
are, but in a thread where there's a guy
who will soon be a
criminal, what is he saying? He's going to
report him,
eh Javi, talk to Fran, that's not
said. I spoke to him before the live stream and I
promise you that I tried to stop him, but there was no one who could
stop him, there was no one who could
stop him, he was very pissed off. The
truth is that it's very easy to believe that
anyone is in an
internet war, at the same level as the nonsense that
you all see every day, Fran and
the family and we are, including
those who really could have
saved themselves a few
comments, I'm not going to applaud him.
But the thing is that I think that you have no
idea what
Fran has been through, he was very angry, he was very, very, very
angry and the
guy, the guy who said that is leaving.  to
eat a
complaint the friend I don't remember the
name of the one who appeared on screen the
friend of princess
reported reported
reported
that episode changed his family life
and it's a very low blow it's that there are
so many things we could spend hours
talking about it If you want to know what
Fran went through but it's that it changed all
the family stability man I mean it's very
strong now family life has never been the
same and those 6 years are there and Yuji
has never been the
same I mean he could do it Look
obviously I'm not going to applaud him
calling the little princess a [ __ ] let's see what she says about her
wearing small clothes That's how it is
no but
[Music] what is that is so it's that I also
understand well the
anger and whoever doesn't understand it is that no
has no idea of ​​the story and doesn't
understand Simply or hasn't had such
suffering at least 5% eh of that
suffering I mean it was fabric fabric fabric
fabric but sailor fabric but fabric
telín
m and really that Yu is a drug dealer
a  drug dealer He's not going to
allow it Look at this, eh Because he's not
going to allow that to be said, not even in the
slightest and that's it, well today he's
caught Princess and the other one has been
reported Okay, well now the
next fool who comes and says that
Yuji is a drug dealer when eh she
was acquitted and the judge was expelled
for being corrupt, well he's going to
think about it the next one who wants to go and
say something similar is going to
think about it Why Well because Fran doesn't
want Yuji to go online and
find a guy like that making that
kind of comment and that's how it is and
now if you want you can obviously criticize Fran
and I understand eh for the
comment, for the
insults,
but it's happened to me too, they've
messed with my family or they've said
insinuations or very strong things, no, and I
've said very strong insults
No, well, Okay, that's how it is I do
n't assume that you think it's bad but there
are things that cannot be
allowed
Come on, he's asking about social media,
yes  I have a relationship with
Cristina, a sexual relationship or
whatever it is, I don't
know, okay. And from that same thread, you
chubby girl hiding from the
donut, you trying to get into my
personal life, saying, I think I understand,
I didn't know you and I
find
that, well, girl, eh, it's just that it gives me, it gives me, I don't
give a [ __ ] that
all the charitos come, all the María Elena, I do
n't know what. Oh, at 50 years old, man, you
're messing with a 20-year-old and and
Well, look, yeah, yeah, yeah, a 20-year-old messes with you. Shut up.
What happens is that because you're 20, you can
be friends with the guy who calls me a
drug dealer and laugh and get into my
private life, well, for me, no, not for
me,
and
yes, yeah. Investigate that, but 100% and get
everything you can, bragging that you're
friends with that
guy, bragging that you're friends with the
guy who just called
the mother of my children a drug dealer,
eh, who continues to be the mother of his
children for life. I think that
one thing is  that you have to
maintain some manners no And an education
obviously and a way and if you
lose them many times you lose your mind
but I think that the moment we already
touch things that affect your children no
and I use myself as an example again that there were
a lot of fools criticizing me that if I
insulted I don't know who that if I have I do
n't know how much that if I that if I
had a trial for I don't know who it is
like uncle you know the history know is the
history the family is not to be touched man And
less so this on the internet a person on the
internet you know the family is not to be touched man
what are you going to say now macho I do
n't know what you've gotten yourself into but
the family is not to be touched
man Well girl You eat it and you're going to
eat it And this is not harassment this is me
defending myself from your attack I
am defending myself from your attack because I
have no [ __ ] idea who you are until
now you have come to meddle in my
private life you who are friends with the one who
called the mother of
my children a drug dealer you who are friends with the one who is
saying please I need information
for  Someone tell me if this is
true or not. I've asked for information about
your phone number, your address, so I can
send you a burofax.
Rich Rich Of course we're going to ban you. It's
true. Rich, really. Let's see.
With all the respect in the world, okay. And
with all the delicacy that
you deserve. You see
Rich as normal, a person that you mention
every day, insulting, calling him a dog
and a lot of things, that you appear
here in this live at 1:1 at 1:15.
Wait and see if you get to see
Rich's message on the screen. It's
not seen. Rich on the screen. It's not seen.
Rich on the screen. Wait, I'll put it there and we'll
discuss it. I
mean, a person. So you appear
on a live stream of a person to whom you
dedicate your life, which is me. No, and every
day calling me a [ __ ], calling me a
lot of insults when I don't even support you
or know of your existence. You wanted to come
here to the debates that I do with tocaré and
with these people. You wanted to come, you have
appeared here several times
begging me to collaborate.  here in the
debates with
us while on your channel
your entire channel is dedicated to me insulting me and
disrespecting me you see it as normal that
you appear here I mean if you see it as
healthy if you see it as healthy tell me and I'll
shut up and keep watching Fran's videos
But you see it as
healthy that you appear here at 1:15 in
the
morning of a
person who
really I mean and say I hope they
don't ban me for expressing my opinion how
bad it was you whitewashing
Dallas that he was dirty for me to
whitewash him what was he was dirty the
dala
Look we're talking about francua
dude that issue is over dude what are you
calling me that he started
calling this guy started calling me one
day at 4 in the morning
and calling me calling me caro a kiss and
calling me calling me insistently
eh I'm that with what I give I really
don't what I don't understand it really is I don't understand it I
don't understand it I don't
understand and you you who act like a
smart ass and it seems that you're
really dumber than  sharpen
with a
pen you go and get into my
private life and then you play the victim I'm fed up with
victims the
victims are not you you are the ones who
take advantage of the victims
you are the ones who take advantage of
sexist misogynist But what sexist or misogynist what sexist or
misogynist what does misogyny have to do
with defining how [ __ ] you are
is that they confuse misogyny with that you I
mean that you insulting a woman is not misogyny
misogyny It's that you have a
certain hatred For women that you
can't see women not that you don't
want to talk to women but that a
woman that you are responding to an
insult to a woman and you insult her the
same as if she were a man I mean that's
not misogyny people
already Call misogyny anything that
is a strong comment that maybe
the comment was it can even be realistic
Eh it may be an uncomfortable truth
but ah  misogyny because
potato what does misogyny have to do
with telling you to mind your own [ __ ] life
what does it have to do with it what does it have to
do with it Lady the guy is also being attacked he
called a criminal what happens is that the
guy has also been reported I
can guarantee you that the guy is going to have
reported come on more than anything because I
think a lawyer that we
all
know is going to take care of it but I'm not a sexist abuser
abuser of what I'm defending myself I
'm
defending myself because you got me into it like I have
a relationship you know what
the other
person's situation is Hi Today I come calm face
smiling with
eyes Fabrio how polite Thank you very much
you are very much loved I don't exactly
want to say it because I don't want to put my
foot in it Well I don't know to what extent
Cristina talks about her life or not you know
what my situation is you are what the [ __ ] are you
talking about Exactly what the [ __ ] are you talking about
why do you meddle in my [ __ ]
life because your friend the one who calls
the mother of my children a drug dealer
because you said he is your
friend you have boasted of  who is your friend I
do it without bad intentions it touches my
dick that he does it without bad intentions you are
a jerk yes you are rude Yes
this was my hero I loved it now I do
n't like it anymore well [ __ ] you Because I keep
doing the same thing with the animals but
responding to retards like all of
you because then
those who have come out came out oh she messed with little
princess that you are not going to [ __ ] her you stupid
[ __ ] that she has a business
set up there so that you continue
subscribing she puts her tits there in
front of you that if I had tits I would do the
same if I had tits I would put them like that I
agree that they do that let's see
I think Fran that you could
make a very dignified life with that
too eh Let's see
wait and see I think that I think
Fran could make a very dignified life with that
too a smell but it's called Parra
this is a new fashion we use leaves
we use inclusive everything all
agreed I mean this is a leaf hey as
they said in Latin it is leaf leaf or
or I'll come back but to me
Fran's little tits  They seem pretty decent to me eh I
mean I would pay for Frank's lely
before the princessita only which I do
n't know if it has only or or just in
your and she does it Oh I'm not telling you anything I haven't
messed with the look no that she puts on a
lot of makeup I don't like
women with a lot of makeup or
women with clothes that are too
small but if you show your tits and they
subscribe to you great but I don't see her
[ __ ] you no You're going to [ __ ] her
No yes because the defenders in the end
defend her like
the Oh man it just came to
mind you know this viral video of
yuki dancing with her fans that I
really like yuki eh I get along
with her but but that video let's
see not because of her eh she's
always beautiful also but you know the video that I'm
telling you I don't know if
anyone has it to send it to me you know the video that I'm telling you of yuki dancing with her followers that Also I think it's here in the hland I think it's in no no no here in the hland not in Mexico in Mexico in the
hland of
Mexico it's a  business good Lola Chiqui
for once in your [ __ ] life you were
funny eh eurofunk I almost laughed eh
almost I laughed for once in your life it was
funny there you are eh you
have me up to my
balls I need the video please
neurof funker you have it for sure I
need the video
of est yuki dancing with her followers
look we have it we have it we have it giy
phút em GP anh em bi T T T T T
TNG T T T Tang Tang Tang giy phút em
GP anh em bi em su T T T T qu qu tí qu T
T
[Music]
And the one who recorded the video
crying is that I'm completely
sure that's how those who follow and
defend the little princess are okay it's
necessary to explain things graphically
if not it's not the same a picture is worth a
thousand words and I say that you stop
eating d unus because she is a
hidden fat woman she is a hidden fat woman for me
eh but for me you have interfered in my
personal relationship with a friend with my
family with yes I have a girlfriend Here what
happens well I  I mess with your physique Of course
Why not if you have messed with something
much more personal which is my
personal life I mess with the physique that you
expose on the
networks I have exposed a
personal relationship on the
networks I have made videos Cristina has
come to Thailand many
times I have exposed myself I have put myself there to I don't
know I have eaten her I have eaten her
mouth and sorry Cristina for the things that I have
said to no but you have understood that
yes you have understood because
who says so the facu on the news screw you screw you you
get into my private life
Well I answer you start running and
stop eating
donuts Yes yes you go around pretending to be pretty but you
're ugly Oh my eye no I'm ugly too I'm
50 years old I'm not an old man you
said it you called me an old man with 50 years old
and
all of you
are charitos saying that you are 50
years old Look at all these charits
half of them would love to
[ __ ] me surely because [ __ ] Ivan How
good how you take that dude how there is
proof of that how good at home
probably a [ __ ] [ __ ] because I'm
50 years old Look how I
am Look how I am After three
chemotherapy treatments in my life Look how
ugly I am Yeah but
[ __ ] So hey girl don't get into
my [ __ ] life and I don't get into yours do
n't get into my
life I'm doing this live I'm going to leave
this live posted answer again
I'll answer again because you're the
first one that has gotten into my [ __ ]
private life who the [ __ ] are you to
get into my private life
[ __ ] And this is misogynistic I'm not
calling a [ __ ] person
[ __ ] that's what I'm
doing that's what I'm doing Oh
you why are you messing with a
person on Twitch who am I messing with who I'm messing with
who I put the name no man I
put a fat princess a
fat princess and a [ __ ] delinquent they
can't ban me from Twitch maybe because of
the tacos well let him ban me it doesn't matter I get into
K I get into K says the
[ __ ] but come on sweaty everything eh me  I
get into K says [ __ ] I get into you
Don't get into my [ __ ] life you
understand And stop being a victim you and
all the charitos and all these people who
are misogynistic, are sexist What is it to be a
misogynist or to be a sexist that you
can't call a subnormal a
subnormal that you can't tell a
girl that she's fat Well yes, well she's
fat I'm old and you called me
old first I didn't call you
fat I didn't call you fat
you said that I'm a 50
year old guy and that I'm sleeping with a
20 year old girl Well then I told you not to
eat so many donuts damn when you
told me that the nets are too big for me Well then
I told you that your
clothes are too big for you precisely
not that you start running and eat less
Don and that's it but if there's no more there's no
more I'm giving a lot of
thought to the physical it's not necessary that
much I mean once in the heat and such
well I didn't get into you  you
understand me all the charitos all these that
oh misogynist go [ __ ] yourselves you're not
going to [ __ ] me any one
any no no no what the [ __ ] was that
dude some would like Surely
surely it's that he was my hero and now he's not
my hero
why is it that I just remembered the
Hot episode of the Hot chapter yes I'm
going to give you a preview okay I'm going to give you a
preview it's from the Hot chapter
of de friky tube of de la climber
okay the Hot chapter Hot
content Hot content
[Music]
says oh Where was I
come on come on let's go Francoa it's not
God no it's not God this is
when Well I don't know it's like they were
messing with Francoa because like
Francoa we were collaborating many
days in a row at that time because Fran and
I were involved with the Daniel
Sancho thing Okay, of course they had all these
people in their sights Fran cua
okay come on come on let's go Fran is not
God he
's not God he's Sensible he's extravagant he's
free but he's not God we all
make mistakes Fran cuesta eh a and I'm
telling you that I've been a fan of his since I was  a
girl since I was a girl I Francua
was always in love
Wow I was in love when I was a
girl but if she is almost 70 years old and Fran
is 50, don't
tell me man, look at the things he
makes up and the lies no no no I Fran
Cuesta was always in love but yes
Fran Cuesta has been known since approximately 200
10 I do
n't know exactly what
Look at Melo on
Wikipedia Fran Cuesta has been known since
2000 I don't know if 2010 or 2011 or
something like that I mean Franc when you were a girl
Well when you were a girl he wasn't
born but still if we think about
when he was a child he is not
a famous person for life
Fran Cuesta began to be Franc Cuesta he became
famous
because do you remember about Stray
Travelers well they found him he was a
tennis teacher in Thailand he has
his tennis studios he is a tennis player
Francoa is a tennis player and many people don't
mention him they mention him as the king of
animals It's as if Fran Cua is from
tennis what happens is that he has his passion
what are the animals he began to invest
first he created an association then another and
Fran What happened to him was that
the stray
travelers found him and he liked it so much that they took him from there
and proposed a program that
was Fran de la
jungle but Fran not in 2010 Exactly
not when I was a child but if you have
known about it from a
decade ago, 10 years ago You were not a
child 10 years ago You were 50 something
when Franco this had started to be
famous She was 50 something and Fran
had
[Music] well
a little more than me
now why
Why 15 years I continue caring for
animals I continue Rescuing animals I still
have a Shelter I continue 15 years
I am more or less with
Frano the sanctuary I continue doing the
same what adm were you looking for me to shut
the [ __ ] mouth while you are
[ __ ] charitos and
idiots and you are using all this
W culture to dehumanize any
person be it man woman or
dog what do you think people are going to
shut up people are fed up with
all of you and all of you there he
started to become famous But he already had his
career but I mean what
the climber is saying that she has always been
in love with him that she was a superfan
of his and it's like no he had his
career man no no he didn't start
living at 40 years old obviously
but people didn't know him
if he he he has has has
a lot of studies eh And awards and
stuff there I put it in a tweet the
other day well the other day a couple
of months ago I was fighting with
someone I don't remember what it was and and I
told her all the awards that Fran had
and his whole career of course I know I'm fed up to
the
balls up to the
balls and now this [ __ ] who is
basically going to be a criminal very
soon I go one thing I'm going to tell you one
thing you are a no I can't call you a
slob because a slob has already
earned it the millionth one who on top of that I like more and more
the moror has put the moror has
put a tweet saying Fran the enemy
of my enemy is my
friend
[ __ ] You are a  [ __ ] [ __ ] and why does he
like Fran And why does Fran like him now
the best what has the best done
to like Fran
Why does he like you you're a vet
but listen to me But what has the
best done to make him like me I
still like the best like the
[ __ ] says I don't like the best now
Why What has changed that I've
lost Javi Well just like Pepita
man let's see Pepita is going to be
70 I mean
you go around saying
things about people who don't know you
just to do
harm if I wanted to I could do
a lot of
harm to you and I'm not going to hurt you
But you wanted to do harm and you did it
because you threw out there on the
networks that Yui is a
drug dealer that's going to cost you
money that's going to cost you money it's going to
cost you money and a lot a
lot because a lot I
assure you you'll act like a bully now because you
know people Well I don't know you'll know
people these
of all the same as
always I already told Fran a
month ago I don't remember what it was
a month ago something also happened to him
with a guy who said the
same thing to Yuji again, every time they
want to mess with Fran, it happens to him
like it does to me, since he doesn't give a damn about
anything, they go after the family and I
told Fran about it, I think it was a month
or so ago, yes, a month or so ago, another one
came out to tell him I don't know what about Yuji and I
told him, I told him and I report him
when you report one, the next one will
think about it, maybe it
can go further or it could be
very expensive, it could be very cheap, but
the second one will think about it, I assure you, he will think about it, but you have lost it, you have
lost it,
very
lost, you are very brave out there on the
networks, you are very brave, there on Twitch, I have been
watching you. Before talking about you, I have been
watching you and listening to you
clearly, you are late and I'm
sorry, but you or your family are going to have to pay,
if not, don't go out there on
the networks spreading [ __ ] about people
who have nothing to do with your life,
nothing to do with your
life  But nothing to see yes man by the
face So be it I think that when he
posted the first tweet the one of Oh this couple that
disgusts me so much would get a lot of
like from his people a lot of applause
and I would say I'm going to post a second one
even louder so that they give me more
like next time you call someone or
say that that over there is
where someone is a criminal like
you said about the mother of my
children good night can sleep because I
'm not as young as I would like I
hope excerpts tomorrow kiss a kiss
handsome Hit the training hard because I'm sure
that soon you'll get mega tasty hugs
Well look the objective is in
February March I hope it will be February
I have to have lost the fat that
I have to lose and once I lose the
fat that I have to lose Then we
get to the
muscles
but that's the move zero weights right now
and at full speed run run and run and run and
hit and resistance and gaining endurance
the truth is that the progress is
very noticeable man the truth is that the progress is
very noticeable man not visually
but yesterday I flipped out that I was able to run 20
minutes man 20 minutes  on the treadmill
eh 20 minutes on the treadmill running man it
's like
lol think about it think
about it
because people don't shut up anymore and
less and less and You're going to start losing at
Christmas Javi your diet is going to go away But it's okay
if you miss a day or two
days or whatever because that's it I mean let's
see yours not to do it But
well if you have to do it because
life is life well damn me
for example today I ate a
serranito Well tomorrow eh I'll go to the
gym this one because I normally
don't train on Saturdays and I'll be there for 40
minutes
The important thing is that the
important thing is with
anyway not to see if you don't eat I mean
eat fewer calories than
your body needs to pull the
fat and besides you're
uh boosting it with
exercise with cardio at full throttle okay with
a diet that tries to make you perfect
so that you don't lack any of the
nutrients and that you don't lose any
muscle
Oh the croquettes from Mara well  no no there are
Mara croquettes for a long
time now no because I wouldn't want to okay I'll
eat them when we are in another
time or when I've been going through a longer week but the
truth is I don't want to I don't want to trip myself up the
truth I don't want to trip myself up the truth Let's see if suddenly tomorrow I have to
eat some croquettes because I
have nothing to eat then I'll order them I
mean it's not as strict as last
time it's not as strict as last
time a round of applause for our
gorgeous sisuka Thank you very much hey it's almost
2000 members eh today you
gave away like 100 now I'll look at it
84 members we've had so far
tonight 84 members there are
still 60 70 members to reach
2000 members let's see if we get there during
the
weekend do you do intermittent fasting no no Anica
no no no no you have to sleep 8
hours eat what he has
programmed for me so many kilos of this so many
grams so many grams of that Yes
this no I mean he makes everything perfect for me
what I have  that eating these grams this
breakfast this lunch this is you know
everything
perfect to eat and I feel
[ __ ]
great I feel great I feel
great because no
eh alanne Well I don't know if you know who I'm
going to eat with on Monday Monday I'm going to
eat with a friend of yours I'm going to have dinner with
a friend of yours and I'm going to skip
the diet a little but not too much because really
really not
eh Let's see The thing is not to eat not to
eat fat but that you eat a little
steak It's
ok Román a
kiss right now right now what I
'm doing is losing kilos of fat
trying not to lose muscle muscle
mass
because for a few years they've
let you do and say whatever the [ __ ]
you want and you've been with this Javi when are you meeting up with dala Eh Well in a month month and a half we'll see each other you know that recently we crossed paths in the same city and well it was my fault really it was
my fault because I took for granted that I
told her I was there that I had to go
and What a good time I'm having a kiss
Carmen and after a while  I called when I
was leaving and when I told him I'm
leaving here and he said How and look
listen to me this is strong this is strong
this is strong I say I thought I had
told you that I had to go and he
said No you told me this and this and this
and I thought it was by video call I
don't know what I don't know how much man do you know
we were 15 minutes away from each other
the other day 15 minutes
away because I didn't tell him
well how angry he made me man I mean [ __ ] man I
was chilling with Lorena
giving me a massage I don't know what but I
could swear I had told her and the
truth is it
surprised me but I say Well she's not around here
or whatever Well I do
n't know I don't know let's see but
anyway if we see each other well I do
n't know if I'll take a picture or if it
were me inkosi I'm not joking I'm joking
inkosi I'm joking We'll
see we'll see let's see maybe we
have to see each other next month
is it your Paula 2.0 no no no no but
no  it was like that but I believed that I had
told her and I had
n't told her
and I hadn't told her and when I
told her he said How and he said well I
was here last night and I said well I
was here and we looked at it on the map and we
were 15 minutes from each other
Maybe we crossed paths and drank But oh
well, that's it It's okay man it's
okay it didn't give us much it gave us much
anger a kind of screen in which
you were made Untouchables Well, you
have the same Untouchables as I did when I was
young the same I've
already told this hidden fat girl, this one,
Comed Donuts, not to get involved in my life and
I'll forget about
her I'll forget about her I'll
tell you the same I'll tell you the same
because it could be worse you're going to have to
pay even
more
So let it be
clear I'm fed up with it and many
people are fed up with it and what cannot be
allowed is for
this whole horde to come that we always know Where they
come from we always know Where they come from
those Telegram groups and those
stories if it's already  you know if it is already
known and now the charitos and the
silly ones is that I am 20
years old why do you have 20 years old to
get into other people's personal lives
to give opinions that you have no
[ __ ]
idea but what the
[ __ ] you and all these who come to
call me a misogynist that I am not a misogynist
that I love women but not
like you clean women
beautiful women women fat women skinny tall short
clean women I get along with
them but not with the dirty disgusting ones the ones
you don't like the ones that
their family doesn't love the ones that look like witches the ones who
wear 6 kg of makeup the ones
that pretend to be Super Ah I am Hot but then they
take off their girdle well no and especially
those who pretend to be victims because there
are many women victims but you are not
victims you are [ __ ]
scoundrels that since everything is misogyny since
everything is
machismo well no no if
you
attack me I will
defend myself I will
defend myself and the fat girl with the Donuts has
personally attacked me and another
person I don't speak for the other person let her
speak if she
wants Well I'm going to leave it here because There's
still a little bit left Okay and
and
well let's see Princess's response
well not just Princess's
response Princess and the
boy who is going to be reported by
Fran I
mean automated luxury communism
automated luxury communism okay here Princess has
put it imagine Calling a
20 year old girl fat when she's 50 and on top of that
the girl Luca like this Fat I
make you Fran well these photos are a
little retouched but I don't know why she
puts it on Why does she wear
Francisco Javier's clothes when you take off your
shirt face with hands hugging elimo
that if everything goes as it should in
June May June I'll be making excuses
to show you my nipples okay But
why does she wear school uniform clothes
from 15 years ago I mean no It doesn't
fit you it doesn't suit you and Fran says No
thanks Hahaha And the thing is that here he
has gotten into  Ricky Eddie and he says Ricky
Eddie a guy calls you a [ __ ] and fat and you
run to clarify that you're not
fat I have to laugh
buah buah
buah Let's see let's see because the guy
also responded the guy with whom he
fought Fran
also also
responded [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] has uploaded but let's see
This is impossible to
see says Ivan the worst of all is
that half an hour after the argument he
opened directly putting on makeup to
show that she doesn't use 3 kg of
makeup okay but dude he uploaded a
40 minute video reacting
it's Sorry sorry sorry Wait wait Wait wait wait wait let's
see let's see what the
guy responded Wait Wait
because because I have a feeling this is going to be
funny eh Wait wait
okay I know who it
is okay I know who it
is I know perfectly well who it is And
surely he will file a complaint
simply because he called
a person a drug dealer
eh who spent almost 7 years in jail
and in the end well he got out without  charges no
then on several occasions he has
called her a drug trafficker, right,
so Well, what I
wanted was to know where
the issue should go and to know who
exactly he is, above all to know that
the lawsuit against Álvarez de
Toledo for calling Iglesias' father a terrorist was dismissed
And why do you put it there,
given that they have already told me that he is a little
[ __ ], that he is delayed, that does not
matter, I
mean, and why do you put it in Ah, so what you
are comparing is that like
Álvarez de Toledo's
lawsuit for Pablo
Iglesias' father was dismissed If they sue him it will also be
dismissed That is the rule of three that he has
done no no no yes yes is that true Ah
well, well, everyone is going to
call everyone drug traffickers Hey,
Álvarez de
Toledo has
had the lawsuit filed against him by
Pablo Iglesias' father dismissed Hey, so it
means that everyone can
call That is the logic of these people and that has to
See, that's the
logic of these people. Haven't you
seen, for example, when David
Bravo goes to the press to say, look, look, they
've abducted Wismichu, telling
Dallas this, this, and this, and this. He doesn't
give you the context, the reasons, or the
excuses as to why they've abducted her, what they've
alleged, I don't know what. No, no, no, they're
selling it because they know that
people like this, who are people similar to
them, are the ones who think with that
headline that then D is an abuser
and everyone can call him an abuser. I
mean, what does a case of two
people have to do with it, it's neither you, it's not Frank, it
's not
Yuji. I mean, each case is different, maybe
I call Cayol Leanda a terrorist
and maybe they
condemn me, but maybe when
Álvarez de Toledo called it the father
of the church, well, no. Why? Because there's a
political context because maybe it's
justified by I don't know what, I don't know
how much, no, I don't know who Pablo Iglesias's father is,
okay. But I imagine that
when  They have dismissed the lawsuit it is
for a
reason but well He understands that since they have
dismissed a lawsuit Well, no one can
sue
anyone of course, I mean the logic is that no one
can sue anyone because it is not
even the same insult he has
accused Yuji of being a
drug trafficker based on the fact that at first he was
falsely accused and then [ __ ] it
the story is known that later it
came out that the judge was
corrupt But well, [ __ ] it if
Álvarez de Toledo called the
church father a terrorist Well, everyone
No one can sue
anyone to take away their internet but
but if not, well, it is what it is, right?
That said, another
person has gotten involved, let's see this guy what
happened to him is that when he posted the
first tweet saying that it disgusted him
Fran Cuesta and Cristina continued to give him many
likes, come on, in fact we're going to
check that in a second they will have given him
many likes and he went for the second
tweet where he wanted many likes okay
look
Ah, well, they gave him 629
likes, I don't know  if it will be much more than what she
usually has or
something
But
well girl called prince stops it
is a
lot in the same thread where they call the
drug trafficker Yu where they mock
where they say that if I have a relationship
with another person and this
lady Well, she says that from what she
understands yes, it's not to say I know but on the
other hand, little princess, I don't understand my
personal life to which I
basically respond that from what I
understand the father sucks her up, the father pa
Iglesias was from the frap, a Spanish terrorist group
and the and FR's wife jula was a
drug trafficker according to a dictatorship in
Thailand man they are like that man I really want to
tell you a witness that they
took me to a trial like this Ali like this Ah
man Wow tremendous false testimony Wow I really
want to
tell you how I really want to tell you [ __ ] off
the guy doesn't even rectify or
anything the same for 5 for 2 I don't know Porto
not the same cl the subject begins of you are
a misogynist the same it's been years let's
put things classy here for everyone and
to make it clear
eh the one who  I'm 50 or 60, okay, it doesn't
exempt anyone from being [ __ ], okay,
everyone, not everyone.
Sorry, all the charos, all these
ladies and all
these who pretend to be feminists,
that is, they call Yuji a drug dealer
who spent 7 years in
prison
to get out free of charges
and I'm not
protesting there, right? I'm not protesting there, I mean, it
's
feminism, it's not that it's been
called
feminism again, let's say it's handled
randomly depending on who we have to
defend. No, if the lawsuit is filed, he'll
take it
well and since I'm fed up with it and
many other
people have been
protected by all this new H but he doesn't
talk,
no, his
friend is the one who just called me a
drug dealer and the one who's been
asking questions about my
personal life on social media and
all the charitos and all these who pretend to be feminists come to me. [ __ ], they
all say the same thing, animalist,
feminist, anti-fascist, eh, long live life and
I went to India and found
happiness and he comes to call me
misogynist No no no no I'm m I love
women I love women
you
are I love them Always before I
[ __ ] a lot and everything now I don't but I
love them be careful with Thailand
eh be careful with is I like you they are the
[ __ ] be careful with
that okay And the ones that pretend to be Super Hot and
are fat I'm not misogynist I've [ __ ] a
lot
see for
example What person
is a woman who has to put on 2 kg
of makeup and wears two sizes
smaller than what she is to see if she looks bigger well
no I don't like it I don't like oh
what character no what little character there are
people who like it it's a misogynist if I
have a mother I'm not misogynist if it's
[ __ ] dude then that's it but if that
person gets into my private life I'm
going to call her fat like Donuts I'm going to
tell her to go [ __ ]
because she doesn't have to tell me
if it's too big for me she's going to get it
good already there's so much but you know what's going on
today I really want to
tell you one thing dude is that  you don't know
how it burns me you have to shut up
but people who then act
like they're very cocky here on the networks, no, no look look
look if I
said it I said it I said it then they
tremble with the false testimonies and
with maintaining these things You know I'll
tell you, let's see very soon I'll
probably have to tell you
something or a little thing on
social media and we're always with the same ones
you're 50 years old you're messing
with a
20 year old girl have I messed with her no no
no I always answer the one who messes
with me always no every time there's one
of these things I answer the one who messes
with me and in this case this one has meddled
in my private life she hasn't meddled in your
private life my private life no nothing Not at
all my
life oh my God But it's the sellout
defending Fran's video and he doesn't
say anything I'm not going to see if in the end he talks
a little let's see Fran you made a
40 minute video Yeah to insult a girl
who hasn't said absolutely anything to you right I
think  yes Instead of focusing on me,
I know I've said the strong things, that
already shows, eh, that you
're a misogynist You're a bit of a jerk, okay, because
if not, you wouldn't have focused on
Princess. Ah, okay, hey, I mean, listen to me, let's see, let's
see, if you're
answering Princess instead of
answering only me, who am the
knight with a knife, you're a misogynist. I
mean, a girl can tell you whatever she wants,
okay, but if you
answer her back, you're a misogynist. They don't know and they
distort words, man, they distort abuse, they distort harassment, they distort
sexist violence, they
distort everything, they use misogynist for
anything. A misogynist is a person
who is fixated on hatred for
women, for the feminine gender, hates
all women for the simple fact that they are
women, wants
women to do worse, wants to mistreat
women, wants fewer rights for
women because they are
women,
inferior faith. If you treat all the
women in the world well, let's go  not good or bad
but like the rest of the people like the
rest of the men and women like the rest
of the
people I mean that you fight with a
woman At the same level that you can
fight like a man I mean francu this one as far
as I know she got exactly the same
with the best with turboplane she has fought
be it man or woman man if I
saw now that for example when she fights
with turboplane another tone but as far as I
know it has the same if I saw that
when she fights with the best she has another
tone but as far as I know it has the same with
Ricky Eddie and the other one the same when she
criticized them I mean
your nonsense has no basis
and besides dude imagine that you
are not informed about the Yuji issue
And then you go and say Well then
I believed it because well from hearsay not like that
superficially because they put her in
jail because she would be guilty damn Well
now rectify and ask for forgiveness Take a
look at the story there are 8000
interviews and 8000 videos and now come out
instead of giving you I I s I
1000  like today 1 like comes out And it says Hey
I was wrong it's true I said this
but Fran Don't see if you've
gone too far because there were like 200
more comments telling you about everything okay you shouldn't have
noticed in princess second you
posted a tweet replied you didn't post a
tweet eh where you asked for
private information Mia Mia where I
live eh my last names and my phone numbers and
everything When I live with my mother and
my grandparents and I told you if something
happens to my family you are going to be the
cause And the
responsible I mean let's see let's see let's see let's see
and I you
realize the same pattern as the
cowardly mess do you remember all these
stories you are 40 years old and 80 children eh you
are asking for my data let's see let's
see let's
see first I think it's
time for you to leave
mom's house okay But anyway for
whatever for your needs or whatever
happens to you you are still at your
parents' house okay but if you  you slander
people Well it's normal that they have to
look for your data or name or ID or
phone number or address why Because a
person like Francoa is probably going to have it
very easy because by putting
that t she surely already has it she has surely
found the same pattern
Alicia same pattern always they are okay or so
you have slandered you have started to
insult him that if it disgusted you that
if he was with Cristina I don't know what I mean
without him messing with you or knowing who the [ __ ] you
are and now he takes it when he asks you
slandering and asks for your data in a tweet
that is not illegal Hey does anyone have
information about this guy that I
want to file a
complaint against him and you know that you live with your
father Oh well Look how do you live with
your father How do you live with your father the
notification of the complaint that they send it to you
by Twitter or by
email that maybe you take it touch your
balls
come on He comes out playing the victim what's going to
happen to your father what's going to happen to
anyone because they ask for your address man
Well start by not slandering maybe
start by being careful no  but on
top of that far from fixing it he's acting like a pimp
far from fixing it he's acting like a pimp I, I have
been, I have been, I have said it and I
say it she's a drug trafficker by the law
of Thailand by a dictatorship in
Thailand she said it what the [ __ ] are you talking about You're going to
get the
octopus nothing's going to happen to your father and no
one in your house is going to
get the
octopus and I'm going to keep it that way If something
happens where I live you or my family
are going to be responsible I don't care
eh me I've already uploaded everything
about me eh they've uploaded where I sat in
the politics class where where I
moved besides I don't give a damn I'm really telling you I don't give a
damn Fran but you've messed
with
eh complaining that I've messed with
a relative you've messed with an entire
family Ah okay okay okay okay okay okay so
he messes with
Frank's wife with the mother of
Fran's children quietly to gain a few
likes but Frank has messed with his
family that no  He mentioned it You're welcome
because he asked for his details then Fran
should have guessed that since he's
progress then he lives with his father And
then since he asked for his details then he's
messed with the father, I mean, look at the,
the gymnastics that the conclusion he's
come to, I mean, it's like if now all of a
sudden some guy comes and threatens me on
the street and now I go to the
police station and he shows me the file I
recognize him by the photo and we file a
complaint because the police have the
details Oh but I'm messing with his
mother because it turns out he lives with his
mother and with his sister and with a great-aunt I've
messed with all of them because I
asked for his details Hey what the [ __ ] are you
talking about, I mean, look at the gymnastics he
had to do to come to the
conclusion that he's messed with his
family at what point Fran has messed
with anyone of yours he has messed with you and
the little
princess I mean I take it with my balls
and start the fight I get into it with if with if
Fran has a partner or doesn't have a partner with
if he's with this one And if he's with this one  It
disgusts me It disgusts me because they are
right-wing but since I have won 600 likes I
am going to mess with him even more
first he was with a drug dealer and
now with one who did this ta ta ta ta that
is another
possible complaint that is another one let's go with the
same lawyer another possible complaint and
with the same lawyer he has messed with
Tok ki he has missed getting into sparks
but eh if Frank asks for the information to
report him he is messing with his
father let's see if something is going to happen to his
father where he
lives I mean they have balls eh they have
balls eh And luckily I have the
money and I have all the time in the
world to put up with the complaints eh Oh
and you are going to report me I am going
to report you when it arrives I will I will
respond to you when another
reported and you are going to file the other
complaint I mean but what do you think
complaints are Messenger That Fran is
going to file a complaint Hello
good afternoon and you are going to respond to him
Hello Francisco
Javier What are you going to file in  the
complaint that has asked for your information to
really report you can't be
more
ridiculous I mean no you can't have
less sense of ridiculous And if you have
the money to put up with all the
complaints that come your way what the [ __ ] are you doing
living with your
parents don't worry
eh On the other hand eh have you seen in the
[ __ ] video okay you've thrown like 20
times no you haven't messed with the
physicist when you called Paula
everything Apart from that you know that Fran You have to
report him in Thailand I mean
he reports you in Spain he looks for
a lawyer in Spain and reports you
in Spain but the thing is that you FR you have to
report him in
Thailand I tell you I don't know Paula is a
friend of mine But Paula can
also defend herself Okay Yes she has
defended herself from being called
fat she has defended herself but let's go
she has defended herself perfectly as best she knows how she has defended herself in the best way she has defended herself let's go crazy the defense I feel very bad for Paula because she caught when she didn't even have to catch her They even put her in in the
news okay  ah eh they put TT on him and
everything eh Finally I have no
problem with you reporting me after
all this all this is going to be
saved t twit asking for
my private information is going to be saved
Uh everything you said about
Paulo has been saved Uh and I
okay there are some things clear to me
I have asked for forgiveness for
Yui that you have asked for forgiveness for what
Yuji Ah he will have asked for forgiveness in these 30
40 minutes after affirming it I don't know
how many
times for what and I have asked for forgiveness for what I
say to you for what I say about
Cristina segi I am not going to ask for forgiveness I am not
going to ask for it because it is true
report me if you want The entire
Twitch is recorded okay I have no
problem
and nothing else this is going to be uploaded to
Twitter too I have no problem I have
no problem uploading it to
Twitter it has happened
now no I have not
read 15000 euros that he reported me for 15000
euros I do not care that you report me he has the
most reasons to worry about  the
complaint after asking for
more of my personal leaks publicly But in
what world do you live man that can ask for
information about you of course I
can ask for it but come on It's not like I was
asking for the color of your
underwear I have reiterated that with the
Yuji thing I have gone too far and I apologize to Yuji
explicitly Well look surely because
or rather here he
has reaffirmed it he has reaffirmed it a couple
of times let's see if at
some point he
apologizes I am going to report you for
asking for private information of mine it costs VIP
VIP to put VIP but in a thread where there is
a guy or something okay before continuing
let's do a let's recap
a second okay Yeah I'm going Put a
little bit
big I put a tweet little princess
answers me the next day Fran
answers me that he is going to report me I don't
know how many and also responds to Little
Princess
blaming him that I have done no true right
then he threatened to
report me I do a live saying that
very well you threaten to report me I am
going to report you for asking for
private information of mine publicly
But what crime is that anyway  where are you going to
report that, I mean that's a
civil crime, what is it that where are you going to
report that for asking for information about you
So what happens What
secret would another thing be if he
published it but that he asked for it to
report you, I'm going to report
you one of two one of two yes his
yours no and then also Yeah, he has
deleted all the tweets Yeah, what, what
watch out all the tweets and he has
also deleted the Bot where he messes with a
person who has nothing to
do with it that he will soon be a
criminal what is he saying suddenly he will
be a criminal soon I hope in TR
years I will be behind I will be a
round Ivan I will be behind the
political parties and I will paper you it's just a
joke it's a joke
joke What a character but let's see I would
like to see where he asked
Sorry well man this What's wrong with him is that I
want to see what his apology is I know
who he
is I never ask for information about you eh it's I
ask for information about my family
information about his phone you are the one who has
asked for information about my family
his address well to send or rather
imagine it arriving at the  police station Hey
look, I've caught a guy and
a girl and his wife and his family and he
asked for my address, a burofax
and
you, you who are so smart and it seems that you're
really more stupid than let's see I want to see
the other time I know what he caught man I want to
see what the apologies are at what
point is it
or rather he
says I think it's
makeup that it doesn't come out it
's the
[Music]
Apology well he says he
apologized I'm not going to ask for another for
everything they've done here sanjo the issue
thanks to the fascist Twitter people for giving me
visits and thanks to my mutual and the
good people for supporting me and defending me
mother of God What a character dude but a really big
character eh but a really big character
dude I mean how are you going to think
that after what you
said you're going to be the indignant and the
offended
because because the other guy asked for your
information let's say I don't remember how it was
literally but it was something like
someone knows who this guy is and has
some information on him to report him
right  boss eh same boss and they
always do the same patterns they don't
fail they don't fail you're a father you have children
and you're I don't know how old and and I
charge you with seven crimes with complete
impunity because I don't care about the
law
good people guys I'm leaving I'm sleepy I can't take it
anymore I'm sleepy I'm not putting any more I'm going to
ask jito how is the news going there's a
video on the main page with all those
things you're asking me
eh I'm going to ask gito what does he
have that he's editing the news with all
those little things
okay my god
man he has a while he
says I stayed a while well nothing
when it's up it's up
guys I'm leaving I can't take it anymore I have to [Music] mimir I'm taking a look at Twitter to see if something important happened there's the thing with Dallas and jeri but how am I going to comment on that the main page well that's it it stays [Music] on it
stays on the main page I'm going to take a
picture for
tomorrow's news man I can't get enough I can't keep up with
publishing the newscast they're releasing
new news man get some rest handsome a
kiss a kiss  bye have a good
night
[Music]
okay